All right, so the next thing we're going
to do is we need to actually populate
the list of folders here.
So here we have like a list of
folders that you can click on,
these folders are gonna organize our
documents that we take our notes in.
So we wanna be able to just
to get some folders here,
and then eventually be able to click on
the folders and look at the documents.
We'll get to the mutations where
you can create this stuff later.
We just need to query and get them, and
this is where I think some really
cool Next.js stuff is gonna come in.
So let's do that.
Let's go on to this next one here.
So for this one, we're just gonna talk
about connecting to the database.
So I know you might be thinking, well,
I thought we're already
connected to database.
Well, yes, next off plugin
connected to the database and
did some database stuff for us.
But we specifically haven't connected
to the database to do our own work.
So we need to create our own different
type of connection and get that working.
So that's what we're gonna do.
If you've never used a database in
a serverless environment before,
this might be kinda new.
Because most databases were not built for
a service environment, like what
makes a service environment different
than a regular server environment?
Service environments are meant
to be one offs, stateless.
Whereas most databases are expected
to be running in some type of long
polling service, right?
Your servers are always on.
So the databases are expecting that,
they're built for that, they have
like connection pooling, and buffering,
and reconnecting, and all this stuff.
That is the complete opposite of what
you want in a serverless environment,
because you could, I don't know,
someone could just hit your API a thousand
times and you hit your connection limit.
Cuz every time you do it, you're making
a new connection, it's stateless, right?
So what we can do to get around that is,
one, you should use a service database.
And service database, that's just
a fancy word for a HTTP based database.
That's literally it, there's some
like real service databases built for
that from the ground up.
But you could take any database
throw like a RestAPI in front of it.
And that's a serverless database now,
so just think about that.
Or you can do what we're gonna do,
which is basically just cache
our database connection.
This allows us to reuse
the same connection across
multiple invocations of our functions.
And that's just because most functions
depending on where you deploy them,
even though they're stateless,
they all share the same container.
So for instance, AWS,
when they're spinning up your functions,
they will most likely
reuse the same container.
That is, you know the environment of
which your function has been executed on.
And because we're using the same
container, we can store some cash there.
And sometimes those
containers do get recycled.
So eventually you will have to
have a new database connection.
But you won't be penalised
every single request.
So that's what we're gonna do,
we're gonna do that.
And this code is kinda exemplifies that.
So what we're gonna do is we're
going to go to db/connect.
And we're just gonna do that here.
So I put a little note in here to
talk more about what I just said.
But basically here we're using global.
So if you'd haven't heard of global before
a node, that's just like the window and
node, you put something on global,
its global now.
That's literally what it means.
So we're gonna just make
a global.mongo here.
And this is just for us to keep track
on whether we connected already or not.
If this looks hacky, I'm with you.
But this is honestly
the recommended approach.
[LAUGH] I didn't make this up.
This is the recommended approach.
I mean I've literally been
working on servers for years now.
I've even consulted with like the database
experts that at Mongo before,
unrelated to this topic.
And I just happened to ask them,
what do you all recommend?
It was this, so there you go.
I know Atlas does have something
called MongoDB Stitch,
which is their serverless
version of MongoDB.
It's a little more money on top
of what Atlas already costs, so
if you wanna look into that,
that might be good.
But I think that's mostly to be used like
client side, I think you're supposed to
use MongoDB Stitch like actually on
your client in like a React Native app,
iOS app, or Android app, maybe even a
React app on the front end, I don't know.
I think that's what it's meant for.
But you could also use it
on the servers as well.
So you can look into that if you really
want a serverless MongoDB instance, and
you got the cash.
So good luck with that.
What we're gonna do is
we're just gonna do this.
So first thing we're going to do is
we're going to create a connection here.
So I'm using the MongoClient,
we're not using Mongoose here.
I'm actually just been moving away
from Mongoose for a couple of reasons.
But I really moved away from it,
actually this project because
the connection management was a little
difficult to manage as a proxy
through Mongoose versus just
using the raw MongoClient.
It was this a little easier to
mess with the connection lodge.
I could've gotten it to
work with Mongoose, but
I just didn't feel like working with it.
So we're just gonna use the MongoClient,
which is what Mongoose uses underneath,
right?
So pretty to use here.
So what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna say,
if not global.mongo.
So as in, there's no database here,
then we're just gonna connect one.
So we're gonna say const
clients = new MongoDB Or
MongoClient, and we're gonna pass
in process.env.DATABASE_URL,
which is in our ENv like that.
And then we got some options here.
So some of the options are gonna be,
we have useUnifiedTopology.
I don't know, look into it.
[LAUGH] New URL parser.
This does allow us to
use the MongoDB change
the format of their URL,
how they have URLs.
So this assists with that.
We wanna turn off both buffer.
Or what was it?
I thought it was buffer?
Maybe is bufferMaxEntries 0.
Is that what I had here?
Yeah, okay.
Yeah, so I believe what this does is,
yes, I'll set a cap on
how many operations to drive a buffer
up to before giving an error.
So this basically means if you try
to execute some commands on this
MongoDB Client before you connect it to
the database, it'll buffer those commands.
And then when you connect at a replay
them, we're gonna turn that off because
this is a stateless environment,
we don't want any of that nonsense.
We're gonna connect first and
then we're gonna execute our commands and
not the other way around.
Whereas in the server,
you might do the other way around.
You actually might start building models
and making database operations before you
actually connect somewhere
later on your application.
That's not gonna happen here.
So we got that, and then I'm just
gonna put a timeout like longer,
like 10 seconds or something like that.
Okay, so we got our client.
We're pretty good here.
And then the next thing we want to
do is we want to get the database.
So we say const, actually let's
store this in the global, so
we'll say global.mongo.,
what am I calling this here?
Client, there we go.
Client = clients, like that.
And then the next thing
we need is the database.
So if we wanna get the database,
we can say global, this is what I'll do.
Actually I'll get the database down here.
So the database will be equal to
global.mongo.client.db I think,
and you can press
the name of the database,
which I've been telling you all to use
known as the name of your database.
This is where this comes from,
so I can say that.
And that should give us
our database in a sense.
And it was gonna pass
those down like that.
We actually need to
connect to the database
before I was just making a client.
I'm so used to using Mongo where this
doesn't both for you at the same time.
So yeah, we need to actually
connect to the database.